meta: updated collaborator guide and content-vs-code (#5732)
nodejs/nodejs.org: COLLABORATOR_GUIDE.md

This means that each `.md(x)` file within `pages/` is not rendered by Next.js regular App Tree (`pages/_document.tsx` and `pages/_app.tsx`) but a custom render tree.

This custom render uses `getStaticPaths` and [Incremental Static Generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration) to generate the full list of supported pages of the Website.
For example, this allows us to generate Localized Pages for every page that is not translated, by telling Next.js to create a localised path.
`next.dynamic.mjs` is responsible for getting a full list of the source pages (`pages/en`) and identifying which pages have been translated.

Non-translated pages will have their Localized contexts and translated React message-bags (`react-intl`) but the content will be the same as the source page (English).
Whereas localized pages will have localized context and content.

This custom solution is also able to decide what paths should be compiled during runtime.
This is a combination of rules defined on `next.constants.mjs` and `[...path].tsx`.

The `[...path].tsx` file ultimately utilizes the `theme.tsx` file as its layout source.

> This setup enables the loading of the Layout Provider and MDX Provider, which in turn, encapsulate and manage the rendering of any child content or components. This includes both content and components provided by the Layout Provider and the transformed MDX content originating from the `.md(x)` source page.

Reviewer: Looks like we need some more `s` here:

```suggestion
This setup enables the loading of the Layout Provider and MDX Provider, which in turn, encapsulates and manages the rendering of any child content or components. This includes both content and components provided by the Layout Provider and the transformed MDX content originating from the `.md(x)` source page.
```
